- applied to the job through a referral due to a friend recommending the company and its culture.
- went through the warmup easily
- friendly and communicative
- stumbled a bit when implementing the job scheduler in milestone 2, attempted to use a dictionary but did not pay attention to the prompt to where the jobs should be processed in a FIFO order. After suggesting using a list to the candidate he then had a few problems dealing with the deletion of jobs after processing. initially didnt remove the jobs from the queue and after being pointed to that he struggled to remove those items because he was removing as he was processing them instead of "popping" an item from the queue and processing it while there are jobs to process.
- Had a good start to the implementation of third milestone (priorities) and opted by using 3 lists and mentioned we could also use a single list and order on every processing, I think the candidate did not really ponder the performance difference between those approaches. Struggled a bit in the duplicate job tracking. Was considering running through all of the lists to find the job but when I've prompted him to performance issues when scheduling he could not really get to an hashset approach guidance.
- Had very little time to work on the third milestone, after discussing a bit I think the candidate had an overral good understandment of asynchronous programming but missed a few key points like locking the access to the scheduler to prevent possible race conditions.